iPhone: I'm taking him downstairs.
iPhone: Mothers Mother's Day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice. Thank you. How about yours.
iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so who remembered to make sure that you were knowledge to make sure that happened or did someone dropped the ball.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: Well, my sister in law went and bought a card. She did it for me and for my grandma.
iPhone: She went and bought a card and and made chocolate covered strawberries and made cupcakes and
iPhone: They came and delivered them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
iPhone: I love them both. Yeah. Both of my brothers. I'm sign the card.
Gwenevere Abriel: I sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the, the, you know, it's interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who would normally have modeled and doing that right you're hurt his dad should have put his little hand print and made a little heart and
Gwenevere Abriel: They okay it's it's a special day for our mommies our mommies do so much for us. We got a spoiler. So we're going to draw something we're gonna, you know, do those kinds of things that's typically what
Gwenevere Abriel: A father would do. Um, it doesn't sound like that happened.
iPhone: He didn't even look at me the whole day.
iPhone: But
iPhone: I knew even get a look from him, and in my face like
Gwenevere Abriel: But you still deserve it still happens, it's still, we have this as an acknowledgement of this special relationship, the same way Father's Day exists. So I don't want to say, hey, there's no reason why you can't actually do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Teach this lesson.
Gwenevere Abriel: You so little.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, say this is can you believe
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a special day that we honored this relationship coordinate is our relationship. This is mommy special day. It's called Mother's Day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we do nice things for grandma. So we're going to do a card and we're going to do these things for grammar. I'm your mommy to let's do one for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, so don't miss out. Just because someone else's getting it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're still right it's falls on you to model that if someone else isn't doing it. You know what I'm saying. So don't rob
Gwenevere Abriel: That relationship of still his learning to really honor the importance of that son mother relationship. It's still very important and just because
Gwenevere Abriel: You know this person couldn't pull it together. It doesn't mean you can't still teach it, even though it's about you. So what so what you might say, Yeah, you know, your little you don't realize on Earth Day. This is what we do for birthdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'll tell you now Graham was really sentimental. So we like to draw. We don't go hallmark we draw things grandparents and moms, we like, we like our stuff homemade so you know we teach that. And we say, there's this concept of
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a little young for the word sentimental, but we can teach it over time. And what's your opinion about that. Do you have an opinion that maybe you want it goes against your belief system to to do that kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, just checking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Know,
iPhone: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you do it this year.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know why.
iPhone: I think I was just
iPhone: Yeah, I think I was just too for a while. I went to work and then I got home and me and him fell asleep.
iPhone: Until when we got woken up we woke up.
iPhone: By my brother and his girlfriend and the kids and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you knew the day was coming.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, for example, it can be emotionally provoking for some people. So there's also your relationship with your mother. Like how did that come into your mind.
iPhone: Well, I sent his mom and I sent my mom some flowers.
iPhone: And I bought my grandma song case because she's really been wanting one
iPhone: But that's about it.
iPhone: I didn't really do anything else. I totally forgot my brother's crush felt so bad.
iPhone: Oh no, actually. No, I didn't. I bought her a phone case and some sandals that I had on and she like
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: AND I TOLD HER THAT COULD BE YOUR MOTHER'S DAY PRESENT.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: But this was like last weekend.
iPhone: But, um,
iPhone: Yeah, I didn't
iPhone: I guess I was just too focused on like how he had been treating me like dirt, the whole day like I bought a high tear off of someone on Facebook.
iPhone: Yeah, and
iPhone: But they will come to come, bring it to the house and then he had to go out there and get it and she was really upset about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
iPhone: Meaning really upset and like he was just being really rude to me and Casino me and he hung up on me.
iPhone: But we ended up getting it I cash up those people. Um, they pulled up. He went outside. They took the high chair off of their truck.
iPhone: And then you got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this like for you to live with someone
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have that kind of relationship with
iPhone: Well, that's actually one of the topics that I wanted to talk about today. He
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: Is that for me right now in my head and and I know that I'm setting myself up for failure because ever since I was younger, I did that I
iPhone: I like would get this idea in my head and and and and start like thinking about it and thinking about it and all it's going to solve all my problems like
iPhone: Well, right now, what I have in my head is like that. We're going to move into a two bedroom apartment and I'm getting one of the rooms for myself and
Gwenevere Abriel: You've mentioned this before.
iPhone: And so this is one of the things that I wanted to talk about it says, Is it bad that I want to have my own room in the new apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you, you can kind of tell based on working with me. Am I going to say that anything is bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't use that kind of language. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what's interesting is
Gwenevere Abriel: You have
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not mysticism, what would be
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the traditions spirituality and then superstition that was a word you use superstition.
iPhone: Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Certain things that I won't know about. There are certain powers or compelling constraints like superstition like religion, that I may not fully understand you'll tell me if we bump into them, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there one of these that we're bumping into that you decided to go to isn't bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this religion. Is this a superstition, as if it's not okay for you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Set your own boundaries and have your own room in a relationship that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like just
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationship of convenience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's he'll share the rent will live here. We're both the parents. So, but this is it is exactly what it is. There's no denying and it's not trying to conform to something else, or is it. What are you trying to compare it against to decide whether it's bad or not.
iPhone: I think my, my concern is, is if I'm being selfish, if I'm being selfish. If my son, if it is what my auntie told me and my son does deserve to have a room to himself and
iPhone: Have his own space and him know you know that it is. And I'm like, I'm gonna get him his own bed or a queen size bed, we can both like you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just heard it. So tell me about with the artist because I just
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the
Well,
iPhone: Um, I was talking to her about because she's been married for
iPhone: How long was 16 years and me and her have the same exact
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: Can I explain it like the same way. He's like the same character not character, but like
iPhone: Personality, I want to say are the same, like the same ways like
iPhone: Well, I'm
iPhone: I told her that, uh, that things just aren't working out for me, you know, he I want my own space and I'm excited to have my own. I feel like I need it for my my my own my sanity my
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: And she said, Yeah, but you have to think about the baby. It's not just you anymore. You have to think about the baby because worrying. You want to be able to fix that room up for him and
iPhone: Feel like he belongs and like you'd like. It's his own space where he can go and play and sleep. And I'm like,
iPhone: Yeah, I guess I didn't think about that.
iPhone: And
iPhone: So now I've just been thinking about it and thinking about it like I want, I want to separate myself from him so bad.
iPhone: But at the cost of what like in my end my being selfish and my
iPhone: Not thinking about my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Played all the way out. So he has his own space and what what's the impact on your son at two.
Gwenevere Abriel: For what's, what's the impact because it's not just what she's saying, what does it mean to you that he has his own room at age at a baby age, just a little thing so
What is that supposed to do.
iPhone: Um, I don't know, just that he sees that it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Him now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how have you possibly been living with yourself. You're such a terrible mother.
iPhone: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
iPhone: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that one's over with. Now let's go back to it again. Now it's that's not true. Obviously, um, and so you said something else. Right. I'm trying to keep my sanity.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't keep your sanity. Look at all the things that are at risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: might end up doing what let's play it out, you start to her crazy what might happen or in order to not go crazy. What will you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't go crazy.
iPhone: Oh,
iPhone: I think I have the right idea. I think I needed. I need a separate
iPhone: What's mine. And what's his and if he really wants to treat me because he's. That's the way he's treating you know and so if he really wants it that way. Okay.
iPhone: For my own that hey,
iPhone: That's not nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing.
iPhone: By all time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dog.
iPhone: The dog and the baby. The baby goes and like puts a toy on her something. She does. She's an old lady, so she doesn't like it and
iPhone: But, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so in order to not go crazy. Let's stick with this a little bit more, not as in, you're doing it because you're trying to send a message to Ramon well you don't love me enough to show me you care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are there different motivations. So let's just put a pin in that one. Unless that's true, unless you're only doing it to retaliate against Ramon, and it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And little while I'm doing that I'm doing it for like, I want
iPhone: My own Spain, I'm
iPhone: I'm beginning to like know myself.
And
iPhone: Oh yeah, well I want my own
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So now. Notice, notice what happens with your aunt, how
Gwenevere Abriel: You engaged in a conversation with her it put that vulnerability of yours at risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now think about why you decided to even bring it up with her.
iPhone: I guess because
iPhone: I wanted her advice. I wanted her to buy. So I wanted
iPhone: I feel like me and her have the type of relationship where we can talk about those kind of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the type of relationship that you can say, Aunty
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what's best for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: The advice I want is around
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the actual advice or were you looking for approval from her.
iPhone: Probably, probably looking for
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't get what you wanted. And now you're having to wonder whether you're being selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then come back in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you getting approval.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, getting approval. Okay, so, but I don't say it like that do it well I approve you you tune back into
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm beginning know myself that I gotta have it. I just I just do suffer Ramon, it's not because I'm neglecting my child. It's because I have to take care of my sanity. I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue to nurture this developing self and beginning to know myself and I can't do it right. I guess I'm assuming in this toxic proximity with boyfriend, there needs to be this sort of physical distance, I think.
iPhone: I would send you a picture of what our room looks like.
iPhone: I'm sure you can imagine. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go back to the original thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how bad it could get if you
Gwenevere Abriel: were faced with having to conform to the way things look or conform to, you know, your aunt's idea of what right and wrong is
Gwenevere Abriel: But look what's at stake, but some of the horrible things that can happen if you just about to go crazy. What might happen.
iPhone: Yeah, I think that it's
iPhone: It's gonna wear on me even more.
iPhone: And I'm really going to get into like
iPhone: Some kind of rough like a depression like something. It's wearing on me, is what I'm trying to say.
iPhone: It's really wearing on me and
Gwenevere Abriel: And in order for the depression to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the worst part of a depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have to do what might happen.
iPhone: I need to get my, I need to separate myself from the situation and me to do something.
iPhone: Change something that, because what our dynamic right now isn't working out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in the past when you are depressed, what happened.
iPhone: I would begin to self medicate. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there it is. That's the piece right it's your recovery is at stake which WITHOUT THE RECOVERY PIECE.
Gwenevere Abriel: That brings in availability to your son that brings in question of continuing to work it brings everything up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you can you afford a two bedroom kit isn't even part of the conversation anymore. It's all connected to you tethering back to tuning into what you want to do, and it's not selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's more selfish you laying in bed and unavailable to people in your life in a depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spending diverting money in a drive for substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, well that goes into it, which is really more selfish addiction, right, or seeing that the limitations of this relationship this romantic relationship.
iPhone: Probably using and
iPhone: being depressed.
iPhone: Being unavailable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your audience is much as similar as you guys are she's not you, only you know
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't need her approval.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be convenient, but this is where that concept of radical acceptance comes in. Not everybody could understand my reasoning. Not everybody's going to know exactly the specifics of what's going on in this House, only you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you're on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are going to have your own home, you decide to continue to share with her that vulnerable space of honesty with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: What might you say she throws a superstition and religious doctrine doctrine or right and wrong about spirituality or something she throws something at you, where you are a bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Person mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Partner, something like that. She throws that out you was her her own beliefs. But if she throws that actually what what might you do or say
iPhone: I know what I should say.
Okay.
iPhone: Is like
iPhone: Basically like thank you you know where your
iPhone: Input
iPhone: And
iPhone: And just like
iPhone: take it with a grain of salt.
iPhone: Not, not sit there and obsess about it like I usually do, like I would do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where you are in this last week or two. Are you doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are obsessed
iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank and you wrote it down and you're like, I'm going to talk therapy about this is your question in your own intuition, your own best judgment, you're questioning it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knows.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can we possible. How can I know with no you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So just to add even more.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: What you said, oh, I need to just say thank you for your input.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes we have to have something ready in the background. Ready to redirect the conversation so that it gets off that topic so that you feel comfortable and she can what's called Safe face so she doesn't feel like her good advice is dismissed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So not only might you say thank you for that input sounds a little cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you, but you might say thank you, Auntie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've, I've really thought a lot about
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot about this. I'm pretty sure I've made up my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really appreciate you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, talking with me about how it might impact, baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Change the subject.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what can you do right then to steer the conversation somewhere else.
iPhone: I can
iPhone: I can bring up her work.
iPhone: She's really happy about that because she just recently started working again after yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: So thank you for giving me a safe place to think through this important decision on T.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: How is work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about work.
iPhone: Work for Manti
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: That was the sort of
Rhetorical
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of the role play, you might say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, how might that go sideways. Is there any chance she would decide to be offended.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you didn't take her advice or she would demand that you tell her. Well, are you moving into your own room or not. Is that the type of person. She is to demand that you tell her not got go off the topic I want to hear you are gonna have a room for him.
iPhone: No, I don't think she would
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't that hard then right you have someone who's really aggressive about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for letting being there for me to think this through this, this feels like a big decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm almost there. Tell me about work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
iPhone: Yeah, I think it's more, it's more me being hard on myself.
iPhone: Being that person to my towards myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the halfway point a compromise and no way. Do I think that your son's ability to identify what is his and what is not learning that from you all the time. You just did it. He said, that hurt. He's learning those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: kids when they're like in middle school and high school they need their own space. So, this
Gwenevere Abriel: Right when he becomes like especially like being
iPhone: Stop it. Hey, get away from her, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
iPhone: sit on the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not even until he's like six. Does he even have
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be like a comparison of self to other he's basically he's fantastic you know whose it was a classroom full of three year olds and four year olds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone might say, well, who's the smartest kid in the class, everybody's hands going to go up. Who's the funniest kid in the class, everybody's hands go up. Who's the strongest can Nicholas everybody's hands going to go up right around 567 you say, who's the smartest kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to point they're going to know who it is. They, they begin this sort of comparison thing right now he's just loving hanging out with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just hanging out with you what the timing on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't it feel good to be close to him anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the compromise part might have to do with a space in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: A certain cubby area. Maybe you build a little fork or something that really feels like his own space that could be a little compromise.
Gwenevere Abriel: recast his own area that he may be learns to put toys away. He may learn something. I don't know what your approach is about those things. But he could still have a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: These are my things treat don't don't don't throw them. Don't break them. This is, I like my bed need this is how I like like it. I see. You don't really care about your stuffed animals, that's fine, but they do last longer. When we treat them. Nice. I'm just telling you might get dirty.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you see there can be sort of a middle. What are you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: With that is an idea.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I think without putting a name or like a label on it like putting a name to it. I kind of did that.
iPhone: But I'm glad that you know now I have that idea like okay I can compromise.
iPhone: By getting him his own space his own little bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, like a cool you know those little tense or, you know, something that's like right in the corner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something, and then you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Not. Can I come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can show about boundaries about where those are.
Gwenevere Abriel: We doing like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say no, don't be don't come in. Okay. I'll wait. Let me know when we can teach boundaries that way and wait
iPhone: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys have this delicious relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the same room. What fun
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean what what do we say about cultures that don't have a bedroom apartments, do we say that they're not good parents. What if you're living in a who knows what kind of necessarily have that. What do we say they're not good parents. I mean, do we, I don't know. I don't know that I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know this is right. This is trying to meet some
Gwenevere Abriel: Expectation about what's right and wrong. And it maybe it just doesn't match what you need, you need right now and
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're strong and stable, believe me. The kid is healthy, happy, so keeping you centered and saying is key.
Gwenevere Abriel: So instead, why don't you tell me all the cool things that you're going to hang on the wall all the cool things that you right, you're going to make it just so cute. Just the way you want it. Tell me all about it.
iPhone: All right, hi I yeah I don't know.
iPhone: I did. I wanted decorated. I know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what, what's your particular style. Are you like French country modern or like, what's your shabby chic. What's your style preference.
iPhone: Probably
iPhone: She
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
iPhone: For your
Mirror things
iPhone: And being
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so kind of letting your imagination go there, what will
Gwenevere Abriel: What will I put in this room will I keep my eye out for when I'm out and about.
Gwenevere Abriel: What can I do to to decorate this room just the way I want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you begin to know yourself and honor that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've had really big missed opportunities to do that kind of thing.
iPhone: And I'm not even
iPhone: gonna worry about how he feels about it, you know, or what he thinks about it because I
iPhone: One. One.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do
iPhone: I put him down and he
Gwenevere Abriel: just stopped.
iPhone: Yeah, yeah. I put him down. And he just looked up at me and Blink, his eyes.
iPhone: And so he wanted me to pick them back up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Horrible still got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look at it. So, Tommy.
iPhone: I missed the key. Oh.
iPhone: Yeah but end it wrong.
iPhone: And I just noticed it right now.
iPhone: When we woke up.
Gwenevere Abriel: The trip or eat the dog trip. And what happened.
iPhone: Um, he has this little basketball court that he likes to knock over
iPhone: And so I think that's why he was trying to do.
iPhone: But then like came back and
iPhone: He stepped on a toy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know, he recovered from that quite quite quickly.
iPhone: Baby
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, so he was in this big distress, and he found out you were right there. You, you said, oh, you know, everything's okay and you took care of him and he recovered.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: That's, that's usually
iPhone: How it happens like
iPhone: That's why I don't understand why his dad can't do that. Like if he's crying. He'll just let him crying. And that's something that's something that we do fight about
Yeah.
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: And
iPhone: I wish I could talk about these things with him, but
iPhone: Like
iPhone: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted to change to know more, you know, he knows where
Gwenevere Abriel: This might be all he has to get right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me more about how you see that you're beginning to grow.
iPhone: I feel like I'm just
iPhone: More calm, like I know myself so much better.
iPhone: All right.
iPhone: I know like when certain things happen.
iPhone: Like I calm myself down
iPhone: And then I think about being like, the other day I went to the store and
iPhone: The lady was really rude to me.
iPhone: And I just like proceeded with the chat on mean what, like all the while I was doing my breathing.
iPhone: When normally I would react and I would say something
iPhone: And just things like that or knowing
iPhone: When a situation is really unhealthy for me knowing when to leave went to walk out.
iPhone: I'll just unlearning myself I'm learning about myself.
iPhone: I'm learning to love myself and take care of myself. I was just talking to my
iPhone: At about that she came in from California.
iPhone: On
iPhone: She's been through a lot like a lot of the similar things that I have and
iPhone: And she kind of just has a really bad pattern of being promiscuous, and she's transgender
iPhone: And
iPhone: She mentioned to me about how she sees like a real change in me and and she sees that I like she's heard me talk about, you know, my, my psychotherapy like
iPhone: The work that I'm doing with with this program and I'm
iPhone: I'm she said that she really wants to Alicia is she's like really considering you know getting into some kind of like program and I told her. Yeah.
iPhone: It's amazing. It's, it's been so amazing, like the best decision I've ever made. I think
iPhone: And
iPhone: It's so rewarding.
iPhone: Like moments like that. And she's like, even right now. Like the way your face lit up when when I brought it up like I want that. And I was like yeah well
iPhone: No, I'm not gonna say that it's easy, but it's worth it.
iPhone: It's so worth it.
iPhone: Worth It.
iPhone: I'm learning more about myself on growing
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice in you. Let's get let's reinforce that a little bit more. What is she noticing you that's changing
iPhone: I feel like she. Well, she said, This is what she said. She said that I'm that I'm a lot more calm, a lot more centered
iPhone: And
iPhone: Because I was talking to my grandma about like what was going on here. Now it's just
iPhone: Just not like how I used to be where I used to
iPhone: Freak out and be crying and be upset and
iPhone: Like I'm just a lot more centered. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
No.
iPhone: No.
iPhone: Me yeah that's that's pretty like for me that's a big thing, you know.
iPhone: That's a big thing, because I feel like my brain was stuck at like a 1516 year old, you know, and now I actually feel my age, I'm starting to more and more
iPhone: And I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got it, he's a big boy.
iPhone: But yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's cool.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so do you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to stay at every week, or do you want to move it to every other week, but you want to keep doing what we're doing.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Okay, or we can do every other week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll go
Gwenevere Abriel: To may 25
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you come back and now that's not me saying, I don't want to work with you about or as frequently. That's not what at the messages for some people they get, like, Oh, no.
iPhone: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stick with weekly, but I wanted to just see how you're doing with less
Gwenevere Abriel: Time with me and you just you. Are you remembering the things we did
Gwenevere Abriel: And what we could do is when you meet. I mean, obviously, if you have the ability to it is harder to do the more intensive psychotherapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if we can. Great. If we can't might be kind of like today where we're just sort of
Looking
iPhone: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Can come back and tell me you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know they come right back to everything because they're like, Oh, I missed you, or something happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can try it and see how you do.
iPhone: Yeah, I want to try it and see and see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotcha may 25
Gwenevere Abriel: As your next individual therapy.
iPhone: That's scary.
iPhone: We don't have to add a flashover me like
Gwenevere Abriel: A stick with may 18 and just notice that feeling that just happened that flashlight. Wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: That means, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't add up so delicious.
Gwenevere Abriel: On May 18 okay
iPhone: Okay, yeah, let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a little experiment. And now we know
Yeah.
iPhone: I was like, so much can often
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Okay, so this is great. I'll get to see you on next Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: at 11am ok
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok timings, right. We'll do a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe sit a little bit more intense.
iPhone: Yeah, I'm gonna talk to his dad and I'm the time that you know what this is something very important for me. And we need to figure out, you know, when you figure it out. And he has to help me because, you know, why should I figure it out by myself.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if he can pull it off or some other resource for for at least, you know, an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. I will see you in group.
iPhone: Okay, see you tomorrow.
iPhone: Thank you.